Glossary (#2155)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/core/functions-i/access-a-function-s-arguments-as-an-array.md

---
author: Bruno

type: normal

category: how to

tags:
  - introduction

links:
  - '[The Arguments Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/arguments){documentation}'

aspects:
  - introduction
  - workout

---

# Access a function's `arguments` as an array

---
## Content

> The [arguments](https://enki.com/glossary/general/parameter-vs-argument.md) of a function can be accessed with the `arguments` keyword, but `arguments` only returns a *pseudo-array*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [arguments](https://enki.com/glossary/general/parameter-vs-argument.md) of a function can be accessed with the `arguments` keyword.

Do note that the value in `arguments` is a *pseudo-array* (an object with a length) that doesn't have all of the functionality of JavaScript arrays.
```

Before applying `Array` methods, `arguments` needs to be converted to an actual `Array`, as follows:

```javascript
function sortedArgs() {
  // pseudo-array of arguments
  let a = arguments
  // turn a into a proper Array:

>   a = Array.prototype.slice.call(a)

Reviewer: We should show an easier example here, like

```js
a = Array.from(arguments)
```

---
## Content

The [arguments](https://enki.com/glossary/general/parameter-vs-argument.md) of a function can be accessed with the `arguments` keyword.

> Do note that the value in `arguments` is a *pseudo-array* (an object with a length) that doesn't have all of the functionality of JavaScript arrays.

Reviewer: Since the next sentence talks about `Array`, let's actually maybe mention that?

```suggestion
Do note that the value in `arguments` is a *pseudo-array* (an object with a length) that doesn't have all of the functionality of the JavaScript `Array` object.
```

```javascript
function myArray() {
  let a = ???;

>   a = Array.prototype.???.call(a);

Reviewer: same goes here
